Update readme.md with SetUp process for new contributers (#238)
DeXter-on-Radix/website: README.md

## Getting Started

Set Up:

- Fork the Dexter repository to your github account.
- Clone from your forked repo.

> - Make a new branch with feature name(can see example in some [closed PRs](https://github.com/DeXter-on-Radix/website/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make a new branch with a feature name (you can see some example in [closed PRs](https://github.com/DeXter-on-Radix/website/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)).
```

- Make some changes.
- Commit and push local branch changes to your own repo.
- Make a pull request into the Dexter Repo(original).

> Now you ready to run locally the project(this will show in your default browser as a LOCALHOST)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are ready to run the project locally.
```

Author: I will leave this line unchange inside the original README.

> To run the website locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: After:

```bash
npm i
npm run dev
```

you can add a comment that there will be a link to the locally served instance in the console output. Don't specify exact link (like `http://localhost:3000`) because if this port is busy, it'll start on another.

Author: Will remind unchanged in README.md

- Fork the Dexter repository to your github account.
- Clone from your forked repo.

> - Make a new branch with a feature name (you can see some example in [closed PRs](https://github.com/DeXter-on-Radix/website/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make a new branch with a feature name (you can see some examples in [closed PRs](https://github.com/DeXter-on-Radix/website/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)).
```
